chore(android): Update globe key help and whatsnew (#5495)
keymanapp/keyman: android/help/troubleshooting/keyboard-help.md

When a keyboard package is installed, it usually includes help information for using the keyboard.

Step 1)

> Open the keyboard list by long pressing and release of the globe key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open the keyboard list by long pressing and releasing the globe key.
```
